Item 7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Market risk is the exposure to loss resulting from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. The primary market risk to which we believe we are exposed is interest rate risk, which may result from many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors that are beyond our control.

In order to modify and manage the interest rate characteristics of our outstanding debt and to limit the effects of interest rate risks on our operations, we may utilize a variety of financial instruments, including interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate exchange contracts. The use of these types of instruments to hedge our exposure to changes in interest rates carries additional risks, such as counter-party credit risk and the legal enforceability of hedging contracts.

Our future earnings, cash flows and fair values relating to financial instruments are primarily dependent upon prevalent market rates of interest, such as LIBOR. However, our interest rate swap agreements are intended to reduce the effects of interest rate changes. Based on interest rates at, and our swap agreements in effect on, December 31, 2003, we estimate that a 1% increase in interest rates on our unsecured line of credit and unsecured term loan, after considering the effect of our interest rate swap agreements, would decrease annual future earnings and cash flows by approximately $1.4 million. We further estimate that a 1% decrease in interest rates on our unsecured line of credit and unsecured term loan, after considering the effect of our interest rate swap agreements in effect December 31, 2003, would increase annual future earnings and cash flows by approximately $1.4 million. A 1% increase in interest rates on our secured debt and interest rate swap agreements would decrease their aggregate fair value by approximately $15.3 million. A 1% decrease in interest rates on our secured debt and interest rate swap agreements would increase their aggregate fair value by approximately $16.4 million.

These amounts are determined by considering the impact of the hypothetical interest rates on our borrowing cost and our interest rate swap agreements in effect on December 31, 2003. These analyses do not consider the effects of the reduced level of overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment. Further, in the event of a change of such magnitude, we would consider taking actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, the sensitivity analysis assumes no changes in our capital structure.

We have exposure to equity price market risk because of our equity investments in certain publicly-traded companies and privately held entities. We classify investments in publicly-traded companies as available-for-sale and, consequently, record them on our balance sheet at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a component of comprehensive income or loss. Investments in privately held entities are generally accounted for under the cost method because we do not influence any of the operating or financial policies of the entities in which we invest. For all investments, we recognize other than temporary declines in value against earnings in the same period the decline in value was deemed to have occurred. In 2002, we recorded non-cash impairment charges of $2,545,000 to write down certain investments for which we deemed the decline in fair value to be other than temporary. There is no assurance that future declines in values will not have a material adverse impact on our future results of operations. By way of example, a 10% decrease in the fair value of our equity investments as of December 31, 2003 would decrease their fair value by approximately $4.7 million.

